Cache HelmRepository index files (#626)
fluxcd/source-controller: docs/spec/v1beta2/helmcharts.md

the controller. The Flux CLI offer commands for filtering the logs for a
specific HelmChart, e.g. `flux logs --level=error --kind=HelmChart --name=<chart-name>`.

### Improving resource consumption by enabling the cache

When using a `HelmRepository` as Source for a `HelmChart`, the controller loads

> the repository index in-memory to find the latest version chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the repository index in memory to find the latest version of the chart.
```
maybe? I think "in-memory" is more of an adjective, describes the type of something, like in-memory database, but in this case, we care talking about where it's loaded.

> The controller can be configured to cache a Helm repository indexes in-memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller can be configured to cache Helm repository indexes in memory.
```
maybe?

The cache is used to avoid loading repository indexes for every `HelmChart`
reconciliation.

> Three fields are provided to enable and configure the cache:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following flags are provided to enable and configure the cache:
```
how about?

the controller. The Flux CLI offer commands for filtering the logs for a
specific HelmChart, e.g. `flux logs --level=error --kind=HelmChart --name=<chart-name>`.

### Improving Resource Consumption Using The Cache

When using a Helm Repository as source for a Helm chart and dependencies, the
controller loads the Helm Repository index in-memory to find the latest version
of the chart.

The controller can be configured to cache a Helm Repository indexes in-memory.

> The cache is used to avoid loading Helm Repository indexes for every Helm chart

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cache is used to avoid loading Helm repository indexes for every Helm chart
reconciliation.
```

reconciliation.

Three fields are provided to enable and configure the cache:
- `helm-cache-max-size`: The maximum size of the cache in number of indexes.
  If `0`, then the cache is disabled.
- `helm-cache-ttl`: The TTL of an index in the cache.
- `helm-cache-purge-interval`: The interval at which the cache is purged of
  expired items. 

The caching strategy is to pull a Helm Repository index from the cache if it is 

> available, otherwise to load the index, to retrieve and build the chart,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
available, otherwise to load the index, retrieve and build the chart,
```

Implementation detail: I am wondering if it would be better to cache it as soon as we have successfully parsed the YAML, this to make it available to other processes as quickly as possible.

Author: yes that would be nice. Keeping this for the follow up.

> then cache the index. The cached index ttl is refreshed every time the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then cache the index. The cached index TTL is refreshed every time the
```

> Helm Repository index is loaded with the `helm-cache-ttl` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Helm repository index is loaded with the `helm-cache-ttl` value.
```

The cache is purged of expired items every `helm-cache-purge-interval`.

> When the cache is full, no more items can be added to the cache, the
> source-controller will report a warning event instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the cache is full, no more items can be added to the cache, and
the source-controller will report a warning event instead.
```

In order to use the cache, set the related flags in the source-controller

> deployment config:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deployment config:
```

```yaml
    spec:
      containers:
      - args:
        - --watch-all-namespaces
        - --log-level=info
        - --log-encoding=json
        - --enable-leader-election
        - --storage-path=/data
        - --storage-adv-addr=source-controller.$(RUNTIME_NAMESPACE).svc.cluster.local.

>         ## Helm Cache with up to 10 items, i.e. 10 indexes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        ## Helm cache with up to 10 items, i.e. 10 indexes.
```

[typical-status-properties]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#typical-status-properties
[kstatus-spec]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cli-utils/tree/master/pkg/kstatus

## Using The Helm Index

> When using a Helm Repository as source for a chart and its dependencies, the source-controller loads the Helm Repository index to find the latest version of a Helm chart.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using a Helm Repository as source for a chart and its dependencies, the controller loads the Helm Repository index in-memory to find the latest version of a Helm chart.
```

> The source-controller provides a cache for the Helm Repository index. The cache is used to avoid loading the Helm Repository index for every Helm chart reconciliation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The controller can be configured to cache the Helm Repository indexes. The cache is used to avoid loading the Helm Repository indexes for every Helm chart reconciliation.
```
